Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
You came here after
defeating many enemies.
May your black steel sword
never get harmed when you fight.
You came after
conquering many castles.
May your spear never
break when you fight.
May your gray horse
never stumble when you run.
May our Allah never let
you need dishonest men.
May you always keep your
faith (imaan) strong
Do you know why they
built the Great Wall of China?
So that the valiant Turks
would pass it. my Mete Khan.
Why did I open the gates
of the lands of Rumelia?
So your bloodline would grow
with conquests. my Alparslan Sultan.
Why did your grandfather
Ertugrul come to the borders?
To walk on your path and turn those lands
into a homeland. my Haci Ahmed Sheikh.
You made it a homcland
but could you follow the laws?
A long as the blu sky
above does not collapse..
And the dark ground
below does not split...
who can take our homeland or
the laws we carved into our hearts?
Who strays from the
laws loses his path.
And he who loses the path
will have his land plundered.
The life of such a man
will be taken by me first.
But the Turks have lost their state
for the first time in a thousand years.
The last Turkish state I built with great effort.
the Seljuks. were torn apart and destroyed.
Are you not afraid of the
burden on your shoulders?
If I have a bit of fear. let my bloodline perish.
let my flesh be torn apart and burned as wood in hell.
Did your father sacrifice
you for this path?
He did.
Then how will you
walk on this road
Will you stand
against your father?
Will you crush your brother?
Will you draw your
sword against your Beys?
Answer me. Will you
kill your own father?
Will you stain your hands with the
blood of your brothers and your Beys?
Whoever follows the laws.
gains kut (the authority to rule)...
whoever does not follow it
will face the consequences.
One cannot hurt his father...
and there cannot be
a fight among brothers.
And Beys won't be the companion
of someone who is not given the kut.
But I know that two swords
cannot stay in one sheath.
How could you survive
this trouble then?
How? Without rising
up. how could you?
Without having blood on your
hands. how could you? How? How?
May it be good. my Allah.
My Allah..
You have lit up the darkness of the
night by showing me my ancestors.
You have weighed my heart with
the words of those mubarak people.
If this path is mine
let me stand tall.
Open my way.
If I am going to be tested with my father and my
brother. fill my heart not with grudge. but with mercy.
Let me draw the sword that I will take in my hand
to protect the laws. against my own nafs. my Allah.
If my heart is going
to be tested with fire...
Test my heart...
But let that fire
help me grow...
Do not burn me with it.
Aameen.
The Beys are really strong. Balaban!
They are too old Kara Halil!
-They will get tired soon!
-Come on Balaban!
-Come on Turhan!
-Come on brother!
Come on Kara Halil!
You shouldn't have
talked that much. Balaban
This is the result of boasting. Alps.
Balaban. come on. get up!
You cannot rest
right now. Come on!
-Come on. get up! -Get up!
Come on Kara Halil!
I won!
-I won!
-I think I crossed the line first.
No you didn't! Are you blind?
Ask Cerkutay Bey!
No. not Cerkutay Bey.
Cerkutay Bey is Osman
Bey's Bey. I cannot ask him.
Shame on you. Kara Halil.
Have you ever
seen me tell a he?
Brother. wait.. Then
let s ask Beyzades.
Tell me. Beyzades.
Who is the winner
of this competition?
Osman Bey s Beys...
or Orhan Bey's Alps?
-They both won.
-They crossed the line at the same time.
Hay MashaAllah.
If Turhan Bey hadn't
cheated. we would have won!
Balaban!
-Come on. Beyzades. Let's go...
-When you fell..
You must ve hit your head.
We are old men. son.
-Cut this one! I'll eat this one.
-Kara Hahl!
Kanturah sent this.
Thank you.
What is that lunatic saying?
I'll see.
It is not good.
We need to inform our Orhan Bey.
Come on Beys!
How could you survive
this trouble then?
How? Without rising
up. how could you?
Without having blood on your
hands. how could you? How? How"?
See boy?
You were wondering
where Orhan Bey was.
I told you we
would find him here.
Perhaps. I was waiting for my
moon-faced timid bird to find me.
Timid bird?
Let's fly away then and see if
Orhan Bey can catch up with us.
Come on come on!
You're challenging
me? Here we go.
Come on!
What is the matter?
Two swords cannot
fit into one sheath.
However. drawing the other
sword out of the sheath...
means being tested
with my brother and father.
Only you can carry the
burden of this dream. Orhan.
I and all your fellows and alps
believing in you will support you.
When it's time.
so will Alaeddin.
You are never on your own.
We got news from Kanturali.
It's not good. though.
What is it?
Seven thousands of Karesi.
Germiyan and Karaman soldiers.
Their best commander
leading them.
They are provoking us. my Bey.
Seven thousands.
With so many men. they can easily
enter our tribe and even Constantinople.
How is that possible?
What kind of Muslims. what
kind of relatives are they?
My father is in the hot spring.
Alaeddin is busy dealing
with the state business.
It's our duty to stop that army.
What are you talking about. Orhan? They
are seven thousands and you are only three.
It's Ilkhanat that
Is feeding them.
I will talk to Temurtas.
I will handle this.
You go to our tribe and
inform Alaeddin. Go ahead.
My Bey. if there is a war. there will
be only one winner. which is Bursa.
After the men we lose there.
Bursa will be only a dream for us.
I won t let them turn my
father's dream into a nightmare.
We will handle.
Let's go.
Come on.
For every noker
of mine you killed.
I will hang ten alps of
yours on the walls of Yarhisar.
The great governor of Ilkhanate is
crying out for war and vowing vengeance.
Temurtas. a picture
of courage and bravery!
Would you like to
taste my fury. Flavius?
I won t get my hands dirty
for the impertinent Kay|.
You will do the job.
The moment
Sahinshah attacks Bursa.
Turkmen who I got equipped will march
through Yarhisar and attack their tribe.
And from Yarhisar. I will watch the
rising flames in the tribe with pleasure.
I will stick my dagger
into the heart of Kayi.
Into the first land which
Ertugrul took from us. Sogut.
Hasn't he spoken
yet. Aykurt Cavus?
Not yet. but alps
are watching them.
You should have told
us last night. Halime.
Orhan's gone.
I kept silent not to
spoil my brother's joy.
He left so untimely.
I know how to make him speak.
We'll see how connected he is
to those who poisoned my father.
You re making a
mistake. Bey's daughter.
I have nothing to do with
what happened to Osman Bey.
Speak.
-I'm not a spy.
-Tell me then.
What were you doing
in Orhan Bey's tent?
Note.
What is it? Speak!
Speak if you don't want to die.
I know how to
unseal your tongue.
Speak.
I was going to put it
In Orhan Bey's tent.
How do you know
what's written here?
Why doing things secretly?
Why didn't you tell us??
This is why you came
across us that day. right?
It was just a trick to
enter the tribe. right?
Aykurt Bey.
If you give me some bread and
water. my tongue may be unsealed.
Don't leave me to this mad girl!
You call me mad girl?
Fill your stomach with hay now!
Orhan Bey showed up once...
and then he
disappeared again.
He left at dawn with his alps.
I knew h was
leaving. Sahinshah Bey.
He informed you.
Did he take permission from you?
Orhan Bey got informed that Turkmen Beys
would attack with seven thousands soldiers.
He's trying to find
a way to stop them.
The way to stop them is obvious.
We'll send all our
troops to Bursa.
As soon as we capture
Bursa. EvelAllah.
we will march to them
with the whole army.
With the joy of the
conquest of Bursa.
we will bring both Germiyan and Karaman to
their knees under the command of Sahinshah Bey.
I expected you to say such encouraging things
while Orhan Bey was commanding. Avci Bey.
Beys. stop mentioning my
brother's name all the time.
-Do I have permission?
-Come in. hatuns.
You wanted to see me. my Bey?
Listen. hatuns.
The conquest of Bursa
means fighting in all fronts.
Sisters will fight
in the front line too.
Sahinshah Bey will send all
the troops to Bursa to capture it.
For this reason. we should reinforce the
defense of the other fronts and our tribe.
I'm tired of
waiting in the tribe.
If you let me. I want to go to the
army camp with my loyal Beys.
You have my permission.
Sahinshah Bey.
-Fatma.
-Yes. my Bey?
With the team of Sisters. you
will support the alps in Sogut.
Start your preparations.
Halime will stay here in the tribe with
one group of Sisters to defend the tribe.
Gonca. Nilufer. Didar Hatun.
You're in charge
of manufacturing.
You should get everybody
armed as soon as possible.
May Allah help and bless us.
-Aameen.
-Aameen
Don't cook the meat.
Don't cook! Enough.
Raw! The rawer. the better!
The meat must have
blood on it Flavius.
You once cooked a
commander who lost the battle.
They say so.
Is it true;
No.
I ate him raw too.
But I like being
known like that.
People will obey you according
to how they know you. Flavius
Tell this story in Sogut too. So they will
shake with fear when they even hear my name.
Orhan wants to talk.
With peace and silence.
He's risking his life. which means
he's come all the way for a good reason.
Orhan!
Join our table!
If you want to talk.
we should talk
before you die.
Selamun aleykum. Temurtas.
Whoever has a death
wish runs to the executioner.
Aleykum selam.
How is your father doing?
Is he fine?
He's fine. thanks to Allah.
Alaeddin...
proved his healing skills.
Well. Orhan...
Speak.
I'm listening in silence.
We shouldn't do that in haste.
I sent a message to the commanders of
Karesi. Germiyan and Karaman Beylics.
They must be on their way.
When they come.
we will eat and chat.
Make the meat well-cooked.
Deliver this immediately.
As you order. my Bey.
-Hatun.
-My Alaeddin.
Alaeddin Bey I know
you re out of time. but...
I will introduce
Colpan to you.
Estaghfirullah. Go ahead.
My Bey. I'm Colpan. daughter of Avci
Bey one of your loyalest Beys Avci Bey.
Is that so?
Colpan is very good at archery.
She never misses
her target. my Bey.
With your permission. I want to join Halime
Hatun's Sisters as an archer. my Bey.
We are at war. We need
everyone who can use a weapon.
Welcome. sister.
Karesi. Germiyan. Karaman.
So many people are
willing to overthrow Kayi.
See how enthusiastic they
are to fight against you?
Ilkhanate never fight.
We storm around
and burn things down.
Come by our tribe sometime. We can
prepare such good tables for you too.
We can also talk about the torture
you performed against Oghuzs.
Stop disgracing my table with empty
talk. Just say what you need to say.
And then die.
Do you think my brother. who dared to fight all of
you in the conquest of Bursa didn't take measures?
Don't be so naive.
The fire burning here...
Is the condition of your tribe
when you attack Bursa. Orhan.
Look at it carefully.
You will all burn in
those flames. Flavius.
And you will regret not accepting
Orhan's offer when the day comes.
None of your offers can stop us.
I won't stop you. I will stop
my brother and Sahinshah Bey.
I will end the siege.
Halime!
Come here!
-What happened Iraz Hatun?
-Just come here!
Come here.
-What happened?
-Give those arrows to me.
Move.
Hold this. Hold it.
What am I going to do with this Iraz
Hatun? I am here to protect the Hatuns!
You will prote t them and wash
the clothes at the same time.
Malhun Hatun said that...
So that you are not giving up on your
sword. you will do both at the same time.
Move Move.
Am I going to wash them?
You are. Come on!
Watch me do it.
You will do it like
this. Come on!
Come on! Let us see the
strength of your arms! Come on!
-Hit it! Harder! -Ah mother...
Mother. what am
I even doing here?
Give that to me Look!
Hit as if you are hitting the
ilnfidels! Hit as if you are training!
Mother. Ah mother! I should
be with my brothers right now.
Right... Hit harder.
Hit it
Eyes down! Come on!
Well done.
Stop complaining! Come on!
Turn it around.
-May it be easy. sisters.
-Thank you.
Welcome Fatma Hatun.
Sister...
I came here to ask for my
Halime sister's pardon but...
Sister. save me from this place.
No... I promised Malhun Hatun.
You will not go anywhere before
you learn how to wash clothes!
Come on. Come
with me. Fatma Hatun.
Sister...
Where did my mother's desire to
teach you this come from? Tell me.
Of course you don't know.
Malhun mother will marry
us with Beys who she sees fit.
She is serious this time.
What?
Did my mother say that?
Have you heard it?
Orhan will lift the siege.
Not only that...
I will let Ilkhanids
and Turk Beylics trade.
I will open the trade routes of
Bursa. Iznik. Izmit. and Constantinople.
I will even personally ensure the safety of
your caravans passing through our lands.
I wonder if the
meat poisoned you.
Has the air here affected
you badly. Orhan?
-What you want is what we all want.
-But...
Those who trade will
pay taxes to me first.
Your share will stay the
same Temurtas. Don't worry.
Do you believe
what you just said?
If the reason for your alliance
Is to end the siege of Bursa...
then I am the only one
who can end it without a battle.
Who are you?
Who?
Your father has taken
away your authority.
You are just an ordinary Bey.
Why would they listen to you?
If not with words. I
will do it with swords.
If they stand against me. I
will make them bow by force.
If necessary. I will bring peace by fighting
together with my Alps and Beys loyal to me.
What about your father?
If necessary. I will
face him as well.
I won't hesitate.
I should go.
The meat looks good. It will
taste really delicious with thyme.
I will go. take over the
headquarters. and end the siege.
Either you will take
my head. or Sahinshah.
Orhan...
Go now.
But if you falil...
Tomorrow I will come at you with
an even greater furor. know that.
Selamun aleykum.
Ve aleykum selam.
Do you trust him?
We'll see.
Tomorrow.
You got out of there alive
thanks to Allah. my Bey.
Sure I did.
I offered them what they
wanted on a golden platter.
Did they accept your offer?
We ve gained one
day. Just one single day.
We will capture Bursa that day
without a single Alp getting injured.
Then it will be Temurtas' turn.
I will show him the result of
attempting to take my father's life.
But we need time. Let's go.
We have to stop that war.
Come on.
Orhan knows that you were
the one who poisoned Osman.
And I also do.
But he isn't saying it
so openly to my face.
Flavius.
He understands politics as
much as he understands war.
A voice inside me says
he will do what he said.
We'll see.
You wait for word from me.
We will wait one more day
to handle this without war.
Not only us. she will also
marry my Alaeddin brother.
But Alaeddin brother
will not accept it.
If we unite. we can
oppose to her. sister.
I told my mother! I won't get
married with someone I don't love!
My father? Does
my father know this?
He apparently does.
But I am determined. I
will not get married. sister!
Don't be childish. Halime.
We are the Bey's daughters.
We will marry whoever my
mother and father deem suitable.
Sure. little Malhun Hatun.
-Halime.. -What?
Look. Iraz Hatun
never got married.
So not veryone has
to get married. sister!
No.
I got married three times!
-What do you mean?
-They all died.
But wait.. I will get married
once I find the forth one.
I am waiting for the right man.
Loneliness is difficult.
By the way Malhun
Hatun is right.
It is time for you to marry.
You need to get married!
What do you have in your hand.
sister? You keep looking at it.
Come on. Come on.
I am going to Sogut.
May it be easy to you.
Sister. save me
from this place...
You'll do 1t. come on!
Come on sisters! May it be easy!
Thank you. Fatma Hatun
Come on! Move!
Don't look at me Why are you
looking at me? Mind your business! Go!
Ah mother. ah!
-Selamun aleykum.
-Aleykum selam.
Welcome. my Bey.
You returned safely.
thanks to Allah.
Have I ever come here any
other way. my Cerkutay Bey?
Why did you get worried?
You went to Temurtas.
After killing all his soldiers.
The anger of the
Mongols is legendary.
I'm telling this
because I know that...
I told Cerkutay that...
we should come after you.
Osman Bey entrusted his
children to us in his absence.
And I told Boran Bey that
Orhan Bey would protect himself...
But there would be no one to
protect the tribe. So I said no.
Is this your duty. Beys?
Where are the Alps>
Alaeddin Bey ...
sent all the Alps to the headquarters.
to Sahinshah Bey. my Orhan.
Alaeddin.
Brother...
What is the situation?
You sent our Alps to Bursa.
The longer the conquest is delayed.
the more the enemy is encouraged.
The Beys are worried. brother.
Gather the council. Alaeddin.
We just had a council!
Gather it again. Alaeddin!
Brother. what are
you trying to say?
I sent all the troops to Bursa.
All the Beys and
Commanders are in Bursa.
Bursa will be ours once
the sun rises. InshaAllah.
Not today. Alaeddin!
You will lift the siege!
Bursa will wait for
us a little longer!
It won't. brother!
Alaeddin... You are
making a mistake. Alaeddin!
I said the siege
won t be lifted. brother!
I sent everyone to Bursa!
What are you even saying?!
You will lift the
siege. Alaeddin!
Kayi s future depends on this!
My Allah... Let this end well.
What 1s happening here?
There 1s a storm
inside. Malhun Hatun.
If you care about Kayi's future.
then you know we have to take Bursa!
You will withdraw
that army today!
That's the end of discussion
I gave the order!
Bursa will be taken!
Our army i1s going to Bursa!
Tomorrow. all this will end!
If we attack Bursa. they
will end you. Alaeddin.
They will end our tribe.
the dream of our father.
I am ordering you. Orhan Bey.
You will go to Karacahisar.
I will go to the headquarters.
And I will end the
war once 1 go there
Don't .. Don't you
dare. Orhan Bey!
There is no turning back
from this path. Know that.
Orhan! Alaeddin!
What are you doing?!
If we attack Bursa. we
will lose our lands. mother!
How are we going to
stop Temurtas' army?!
-I went there. spoke to him. and we made an agreement.
-What?
Did you make an
agreement with Temurtas?!
Did you shake hands
with our enemy?
Fortunately my father is not here
and he is not hearing your words!
What happens if he hears me?
Is he going to take
my command rank?
Is he going to exile me?
Orhan! Alaeddin!
Make your decision. Alaeddin!
Will you go to the headquarters and tell
them? Or should I go there and do it for you?
You must crush me
first to leave Orhan Bey.
Then I will crush you and leave.
-Enough!
-My Bey!
Stop! What are you doing?!
Enough! Stop
What are you doing?!
If we don't have the same path
don't stand in my
path anymore. Alaeddin.
Kara Halil. Balaban.
Gather the alps.
Boran Bey. Cerkutay Bey.
Stop Orhan Bey.
This is my order for you
in the name of Osman Bey.
What I was worried
about has just happened.
Alaeddin Bey.
-In the name of Osman Bey. we would do anything...
-Boran Bey!
Surround Orhan Bey.
He can't leave
without my permission.
-Alaeddin.
-I won't say it again.
Otherwise. you will answer to
Osman Bey when he is back.
Alps.
This is Alaeddin Bey's order.
Do it.
Forgive us. my Bey.
We have to.
Son. reconsider this.
Considered and discussed.
And decided. mother.
Orhan Bey I1s going
to Karacahisar.
From now on. you are
in charge of Karacahisar.
I'm only going to the
army camp. Alaeddin.
Is that so?
Then you aren't Iin
charge of Karacahisar.
but you are in exile in
Karacahisar. Orhan Bey!
What are you saying. Alaeddin?
I'm protecting you from yourself.
Who will protect you. Alaeddin?
Halime. take Orhan Bey's sword.
Take the swords of alps too.
Nilufer.
I will give it back to
you just like I take it.
I swear.
Bring Kasim and Suleyman
to me before I leave.
Boran Bey. Cerkutay Bey. tie up
the hands of Orhan Bey and his alps.
And appoint ten alps to accompany
Orhan Bey on the way to Karacahisar.
Turahan Bey. go to the
headquarters immediately.
And inform the Beys there.
As you order. my Bey.
Forgive me. Orhan.
Send a message to
Temurtas and let him know this.
Narrow streets.
Just a few exits.
We need to check the
back side of this inn.
Fatma Hatun. welcome.
Welcome. Fatma Hatun.
-Selamun aleykum. -Aleykum selam.
-Fatma..
Archers. take
positions on the roofs.
Blacksmiths. keep
the hot iron ready.
We should be prepared
any time. Come on!
As you order Fatma Hatun!
Father. where are you going?
Why are your hands tied up?
Are you a criminal or an enemy?
Why did my uncle
do this. father?
I will make things right.
You just continue
your trainings.
Things have always
been going worse.
When can we see
you again. father?
Esma. take Kasim and
Suleyman to the training.
Come on.
My son. I'm so upset. But
there is nothing I can do.
May Allah protect you. mother.
Get your heads up. alps.
With tied hands. we
have a long way to go.
Come on.
You trust me. right?
Do you trust your brother
who never let you down?
Yes. Of course I do. brother.
You think my heart
can stand this?
I've been sorrowing
for a long time.
Then listen to me
just once. Alaeddin.
Just once.
I will. brother.
Tell me. What do you want?
Exile me from the tribe.
What?
On this sword.
there is blood of...
many commanders and Beys whose
shadows competed with the mountains.
We got a message from
Kayi Tribe. Governor Temurtas.
What? Did Orhan start a
civil war to end the siege?
Did Orhan's betrayal cause the power struggle
which Osman s disease couldn't start?
Alaeddin Bey has exiled
Orhan from the tribe.
It means he couldn't manage.
This is it. Words are over.
It s time for swords
to speak now
Get the nokers prepared.
Fool Alaeddin and Sahinshah
will beg on bended knee for mercy.
From the castle of
Kayi. I will watch..
The last battle where
I cut off Kayi's heart.
My Bey...
Two brothers turned
against each other.
Won't you prevent
this situation?
I watch.
But I don't stop them.
The bey. who will take over the chair
that I took from my father Ertugrul Ghazi.
should prove
himself in hard times.
Cerkutay. remember.
I'm not immortal.
One day. you will put
me in the shroud too.
-May Allah give you a long
life. my Bey. -I want my Beys.
people and enemies to see...
the owner of the
chair before I pass away.
So the peace in my
beylic won't be broken.
Cerkutay. this is my order.
Now go. Don t leave Orhan alone.
Keep me updated.
As you order. my Bey.
Do you need
something. Fatma Hatun?
Any remedy for callus?
Let me check.
-May your work be easy.
-Thanks.
-Welcome. sisters.
-I have beautiful cushions and pillows.
In the streets of Soqgut.
you shine like the
sun. Fatma Hatun.
Know your place.
You re talking to
Osman Bey s daughter.
Can't Osman Bey s
daughter take flowers?
Is it forbidden?
Yes.
I have boundaries
against the impertinent.
Boundaries exist
to be passed. huh?
If you attempt to pass. I will dig
your grave under those boundaries.
Alright.
I just wanted to help you.
My mother once said
cloves can help the callus.
That was the reason.
You should have
said that earlier.
What are you doing here?
I came to sell
some goods. but...
I stayed in the
middle of the war.
How lucky I am. right?
Not so lucky.
I can tell them to let you out.
Then I would be a coward
as well as being impertinent.
That won't suit me.
I need to stay and
fight the enemy.
That's what would suit me.
You can use a weapon then?
I hope you don't cut
yourself while trying to help.
I know how to use it to
defend myself and my beloveds.
Your hand is injured. though.
-What happened?
-Not a big deal.
Just a small cut It won t
stop me from defending myself.
Don't worry.
Who says I'm worried?
Good luck.
Who are you??
I thought you were
Osman Bey's fellows.
But you k pt silent
against Orhan Bey's exile.
Don't do this. Malhun Hatun.
You know that Shahzade Alaeddin's
words are Osman Bey's words.
Orhan asked for a
favor before he left.
You are going to save him.
Well. Malhun Hatun... We are...
The job is given to
those who can do it. Beys.
It s your decision.
Orhan or Alaeddin?
Malhun Hatun. please
don't make us choose one.
Alaeddin didn't listen to Orhan.
But you know Orhan well.
Don t leave him alone.
It s your decision.
I can't force you.
What now?
Th one who holds fire in his
hand burns himself in the end.
Finally. Orh n Bey
got what he deserved.
Come with me. Hatun.
Enough. Didar Hatun!
Orhan Bey left and
the matter is solved!
Why are you still talking
about Orhan Bey?!
Orhan Bey has brought
us nothing but disaster!
Didar Hatun.
Alaeddin Bey did what he
needed to do about his brother.
He exiled him to Karacahisar.
You should control your tongue.
There 1S no reason to cause
division when the enemy is at our door!
Didar Hatun!
Come. what happened?
I took food to Yigit Bey. -And”
But Yigit Bey is not
in the healing tent.
Ah my crazy son...
Alright. my daughter. Go.
return to your duty. Colpan.
Where would he go while injured?
Where can he go?
He went after Fatma Hatun!
He is on the way to Soqut!
See that's why I told you
my son was deeply in love.
Gonca Hatun...
You did not forget
your promise. right?
Come on Hatun. We
have work to do. Come on!
Has everyone got it?
You go. we I watch your back!
Come on! To the forest!
Open the doors!
The Ilkhanid governor. the sun of
the steppe. Governor Temurtas is here!
I am not allowed to do
that. Governor Temurtas.
If you do not want the last thing you hear to be the
scream of the sword I will thrust into your heart...
Open the gates immediately!
If I do not let them In. a war will
break out. Send word to Alaeddin Bey.
-Inform him about the situation.
-Alright.
I am opening the doors. but...
I can only let you and a few of
your men in. Governor Temurtas.
Let it be so. Open the doors
Open the doors!
My Bey! They are still after us!
The trees in this forest are very
dense. They cannot follow us.
Let's split. We will
meet in Kizil valley.
Come on Come on!
They set a trap against
my Orhan. brother.
Urndan.
Orhan!
They have fled to the forest.
They are following them.
Their hands were
tied. Cerkutay Bey.
Come on brother! Come on!
They have split into three here.
Let's split.
-I'll go this way.
-And I'll go that way!
Mustafa. You go
with Halime Hatun.
Boran and I will go this way.
Keep your ears sharp.
Nilufer Hatun.
If you allow me. I
want to come with you.
I cannot wait when Orhan
Bey is in this situation.
We will need men.
Good. Come. Walk!
Balaban...
We will ontinue
on foot from here.
Your end has come Orhan Bey!
Urdan.
Orhan!
Come with me!
My Orhan Bey is not here!
We cannot wait for our Bey now!
Come on! Let's go!
-We are here. my Hahll!
-We are here!
Thanks to Allah
Who sent you here!
Orhan Orhan!
Orhan. who are these men?
Whoever they are. they
are after me. Are you alright?
What kind of plan
have we fallen into?
They will be destroyed
with that plan. don't worry.
Besides.. What
do you always say?
When you are by my side. what does it
matter if the whole world comes against me?
I started breathing with you. I
will take my last breath with you.
Not today Nilufer. Not today.
We still have a
long life to live.
We have a Bur a to take
and grandchildren to see.
But not today!
Come on!
We are here. my Bey!
AbdurRahman!
Kanturali!
My Bey..
Can we..
Go ahead.
How should we share Kanturahli?
They are all mine.
The rest is yours.
The one who takes
down the last one wins.
I think you are even
What does our laws say?
The Beys speak. but the
Hatuns have the last word.
Right?
My dear brother. come here!
I missed fighting
side by side with you.
It ended very quickly. my Bey.
Oh no...
Someone forgot dying
Remind him then.
He won't forget again.
Where have you
been all this time?
I had sent AbdurRahman to Karaman
and Kanturali to Germiyan for observation.
Our reason for coming here
is not just these dogs. my Bey.
We have important news for you.
You have the
actual news. my Bey.
What are you doing here?
Why ar you here alone?
How did they learn where
you were and find you?
We will find out.
We have a lot to talk about.
We don't have much time.
First. let's go and help our
brothers. then we will talk.
Which brothers?
You'll see when we go there.
Come on.
Welcome to Yarhisar
castle. Governor Temurtas.
Come inside. Let us host you.
Osman has made
this place prosperous.
It can rival many
magnificent cities.
It would suit me right?
-Right. Governor Hadhrat.
-Why are you here?
To water...
our swords with your blood.
Burn this place down!
Kayi's stupid Beys will
remember the strength of Ilkhanate!
What are we going to do with
these. Governor Temurtas?
Kayi...
forgot that peace with
Mongols is a blessing...
and being in a war
with Mongols is a disaster.
Send their dead
bodies to their tribe!
They will remember again!
As you order. my Governor.
Hay MashaAllah. Hay MashaAllah.
Such a thing has never been
seen In the history of the Kayi.
Troops are pouring into our
headquarters from all four sides.
MashaAllah.
Orhan Bey's Alps have also come.
May it be good Beys.
Whoever looks at
your face gets worried.
It's not good. Sahinshah Bey.
Alaeddin Bey exiled
Orhan Bey to Karacahisar.
Alaeddin Bey has removed the
obstacle in front of the conquest of Bursa.
Is that why you
are worried. Beys;
The finger cut by
justice does not hurt.
Alaeddin Bey
did the right thing.
And we will do our
duties. evelAllah.
When someone says gaza. crazy horses
start running in our hearts. Sahinshah Bey.
Bursa is the dream of Osman
Bey. the father of veterans.
We will sacrifice
our lives for that city.
What makes me think is the words of
Orhan Bey. InshaAllah he is not right.
And Bursa won't bring disasters.
Disaster is far from us and
close to the enemy. Turhan Bey.
You will go and take the news of
conquest to Orhan Bey tomorrow.
He will get happy as well.
Alps!
Tomorrow. Bursa..
Will echo with the clash
of my warriors" swords.
Long live Sahinshah Bey!
Osman Bey will be the
owner of the victory. not me.
Bursa is his dream!
Long live Osman Bey!
Tomorrow I will go
to my Osman Bey...
Are you ready to go back to your home
tomorrow. to your Hatuns. your sisters...
with bloody swords in your hand
that will help you conquer Bursa?!
We are ready! We are ready!
Victory is ours.
But.. let's follow
the rules of war.
Send word to Lord Saroz.
Tell him Sahinshah Bey wants
to give him a last chance...
before he destroys Bursa.
Orhan Bey s coming.
With his mad men.
-Selamun aleykum.
-Aleykum selam.
-Balaban.
-My Bey.
Thanks to Allah.
Now that I've seen
you. I can die in peace.
The only place you would go in
peace Is the battlefield. Balaban.
Not this time.
Stop crying like
a baby. Balaban.
It's already over.
We call him bad for a reason.
You're good. Stop
souring your face.
Boran Bey. Cerkutay Bey.
Glorious Beys of Osman Bey.
Abdurrahman. Kantural.
Orhan Bey's mad alps.
Weren t you in the land of
Germiyan and Karaman?
Yes. we were. We heard the
sword sounds and we came.
While are you grinning
like a goat seeing the hay?
I hit the last one.
No way!
That man was
already on the ground.
They never change. my Bey. They
are still fighting to overcome each other.
Let's go. We need to
overcome something else now.
-Find somewhere to stay for the night.
-Brother.
Move. I aught this one
entering your tent secretly.
He should answer to you.
What were you doing in my tent?
He said he would
leave this letter for you.
Orhan Bey.
Karesi and Germiyan are recruiting
armies with Temurtas orders.
They will cooperate
with Saroz and Flavius.
I want you to know this as
the glorious commander...
of Kayi who battle in the frontiers
and stand against the orders of Ilkhanate.
Take measures.
How do you know that?
I'm an alp of Karesi. my Bey.
The sergeant of the alps.
I'm offended that...
my Beylic is desperate
against Ilkhanids for years.
With your permission. I want to fight
for your cause and become a martyr.
My soldiers!
Our people suffered a lot in
Bursa because of Turks for years!
Finally. it's time to
fight those barbarians...
who attack and disgrace
the glory of Bursa like plague!
Vengeance! Vengeance!
For your wives!
For Bursa!
We will burn down
Sogut over them..
And with God's help.
we will enter the nest of those
barbarians and teach them a lesson finally!
Soqgut.
That's bad.
Flaviu 1s waiting
for you in Sogut.
May the victory be with you!
Draw women and children
behind the outer walls.
We'll take them out of
the city in case of an attack.
Nobody wants to wait behind
in such times. Fatma Hatun.
She's totally right.
Yigit Bey.
Are you alright? Why
did you leave bed?
My cure isn't in the
healing house. Fatma Hatun.
It's my duty. I need to place
my alps in the northern gate.
Thank you for everything.
I owe you a life.
You sacrificed yourself
without hesitation.
I would sacrifice a
thousand lives of mine.
No problem.
Sisters.
No objections accepted
I have to protect people for the sake
of Sheikh Edebali and Osman Bey.
I can't risk them.
Those who can't use any
weapons will be secured.
Come on.
Yigit Bey.
You go assign your alps.
We have spotted who
patrols and where. sir.
We'll attack with
all our strength.
However. Fatma
Hatun won't be harmed.
I want her alive.
For your information.
Gonca. Didar! Hurry up!
-Prepare the healing house!
-What's going on?
Wait wait. What's
going on here? Clear the way!
What's going on
here? Clear the way!
My brothers! Who did this?
Who did this?
Who did this to you?
Temurtas.
Yarhisar has fallen. my Bey.
Forgive us my Bey.
We couldn't protect our land.
We couldn't save
our brothers. my Bey.
-Forgive us.
-Temurtas...
Temurtas!
You will pay for this.
You will pay for
this! You will pay
Get your head up!
Stop crying.
Stop crying. Alps!
Prepare alps immediately!
Prepare my horse!
Son. son.
There is nobody here to protect
the tribe. You can't send alps away.
Are you pleased with the decision you
made about your brother. Alaeddin Bey?
Mother. not now. Not now.
Son.
While we turn against each other. the
enemy can't wait to take our hearts out.
You should take
a lesson from this.
Mother. I understand you.
I said not now. Not now.
Prepare my horse immediately!
When I look from here.
you seem so small.
Enjoy the view. Saroz.
This is the last time
you look down on me.
Tomorrow. I will
look down on you.
But you won't be
able to hear what I say.
Because you will
be in the grave.
Would you prefer us to attack with all our strength and
slaughter everyone in our way without mercy tomorrow...
or would you surrender
tonight and save your lives?
Oh Sahinshah...
Well... When Boran Bey opened
the western gate for Orhan.
you were looking inside
sitting 1n the woods. Remember?
That's the only view you can
see in Bursa all along your lives.
Tomorrow morning. you
will wake up with the sounds...
of the stones our catapults
throw to hit your walls. Saroz.
If you an sleep
tonight. of course.
I cant of course.
My commanders and
I will be discussing...
which heads of yours should be sent to
which tribes. That's why I won't be sleeping.
I will keep your head
in my horse's saddle...
to make an example for people
In Iznik. Izmit and Constantinople.
Oh..
Come on. come on.
Get prepared to go to
Sogut. We're leaving shortly.
They are fighting us from
every direction Orhan.
Who is attacking us?
Nobody but Saroz.
Let him do his best.
Saroz isn't the only enemy.
What about your exile?
I got exiled. Nilufer.
I'm not a traitor.
I'm starving to death.
Why are they so late?
They'll be back with
a sack of meat shortly.
I hope they don't
kill all the animals.
Perhaps. they will.
I hope I won t die
of hunger until then.
You should work
not blabber. Balaban.
Pluck these. come on.
We hunt.
You cook.
Well. you followed us up here.
Feed the fire then.
Bad hands make bad fire.
Put a few more woods on it.
So the meat will speak in fat.
I'm glad you are here.
If we stayed with Balaban. we
would be miserable. huh. Cerkutay?
I don t care. brother.
At this age of mine.
someone will hunt.
pluck and serve me.
The wound I got today didn't kill
me. but your words will. my Bey.
Come on. we can't wait all day.
Cook them fast. Or
we will eat them raw.
Are you thinking about your son?
It's been years. Cerkutay Bey.
There is not a single day
when I do not think of him.
Neither the pain has passed. nor
has the fire in my heart gone out.
I remember that day as clear
as yesterday in my mind. Ayse!
Ayse!
Let my Hatun go.
Let her go!
Ayse!
Halil... Ayse...
Our son..
Our son...
It is as if the Byzantines
tore out my heart.
We will find your son. my Halil.
We checked everywhere.
we'll keep looking for him.
Don't worry. Do
not lose your hope.
-Right..
-I am always trying to be hopeful
Tell me. What is the reason
for the fire in your heart?
I cannot hold it in anymore.
Why are you accepting
all this. Orhan?
Why are you not saying
anything about Alaeddin's greed?
He is my brother.
Brothers support each other. They
do not draw their swords and fight.
Don t you see?
Alaeddin has lost his way.
Who lost his way. Nilufer Hatun?
Say it again.
I did everything for my brother.
What are you saying?
I am alright. I am...
-Was that all a game? -Right.
It was two brothers joining hands
and carrying the da'wah. Nilufer.
We wanted to seem weak so that
we could make our move secretly.
So you tricked us my Beys.
What are we going
to do now? Tell us that.
Let me tell you. Boran Bey.
Dumrul! Come here.
Come and give us the good news!
My Bey...
Thanks to Allah. I found
the entrance of the tunnel.
But I have bad news.
The soldiers coming out of
the tunnel will attack Sogut.
They won t be
able to do anything.
They will be defeated
and lose all their motivation.
Flavius will be left alone outside
once we explode the tunnel.
My Bey.. Why are we
going to explode the tunnel?
Why don't we go through
that tunnel and take Bursa?
We can enter the tunnel. but
we may not be able to leave it.
It's full of traps.
If we enter that tunnel. they will close the
entrance behind us. And we will lose all our alps.
Brother... Temurtas saw this as an
opportunity and attacked Yarhisar.
He took control of the castle.
Temurtas can wait.
We never gave up on
our promises or revenge.
We will go and explode the
tunnel which is Bursa's life support.
-You will go to the headquarters..
-And stop Sahinshah Bey.
Thanks to my Allah!
Like old days. huh?
Two hearts and one
mind joined hands...
Who can stop us now?
Now this war is not the
war of hunger and fullness.
This is the war of existence.
Now listen to me carefully.
Dumrul. Balaban. You
will surround the tunnel.
Balaban. go to the other side!
Before we approach the tunnel. the
area around it will be full of soldiers.
AbdurRahman. Kanturali.
You will infiltrate from the
front. You will be so quiet that...
th only thing they feel
will be the bitter face of death.
My Orhan Bey...
How are we going to approach this tunnel.
which is Bursa's life support. with a
huge cart without letting anyone see us?
We have no one who can do that
better than you and Cerkutay Bey.
EyvAllah.
Who are they?
We brought fresh fruits to you.
-Go away. -But...
We cannot
From now on. wherever we go...
all doors will
lead us to Bursa.
Ambush!
Then we will enter the
tunnel. huh. my Bey?
That's what the enemy
wants you to think. Kantural.
Do not think that they will
leave the scorpion's nest empty.
But you will make
them get out of that hole.
-AbdurRahman. -Kantural!
Come on Alps! Carry the
Greek fire into the tunnel!
Now it is time to stamp Kayi's seal
onto the nest of demons! Come on!
Sogut is in the
hands of Flavius.
And Sahinshah ..
Will be in our hands.
We will inflict a defeat on him that is much
greater than the one we made Orhan experience.
Soldiers! Set
traps on the walls!
Pile up the tar. the Greek
fire. everything we have!
-As you order Lord Saroz.
-Go now.
Sir! Turks are coming!
They found the tunnel!
Damn it.
Orhan.. I will bury
you in that tunnel!
Come on Dursun
Stop wasting time!
I am the one who
carries everything here!
This is the last one.
We are walking on a difficult road. You should
go back if you are going to complain like that.
Then who will do your work?
Run! Do not let them advance!
-Run!
-They are coming!
They will regret coming
here. Come on! Let's go.
-Brother! Brother. they are coming!
-Come on!
Hide!
Come her. Get down!
Now only one step remains to
the border my father wants to draw.
Boran. Cerkutay.
You will go to Sogut.
Flavius must be outside.
We must find out where he is.
Halime. Dursun. Nilufer.
You go back to the tribe.
Kara Halil. We are
going to the headquarters.
Come on!
Give me some water. Alp Tekin!
EyvAllah.
The catapults are ready. my Bey.
The cannonballs are also ready. my Bey!
Our glorious sanjak will
fly over the towers of Bursa.
Welcome. Alaeddin Bey.
Your presence here
will strengthen us!
Thank you. Sahinshah Bey.
You will give the good
news to my Osman Bey.
Now no one can
stand in your way!
There will be no
war Sahinshah Bey.
It's over now.
You no longer have any
authority over the Alps.
The captivity that has
lasted for years in Bursa.
Turks must pay the price
of this in Sogut today.
Commander Flavius!
Orhan..
They found the tunnel in
Bursa. They blew the tunnel up!
-Sir. there is one more thing.
-What is it?!
They also sent
reinforcement units to Sogut.
What are you saying. Alaeddin?
You heard me
well. Sahinshah Bey.
Not a single Alp will
take another step.
You are making a mistake.
Orhan must have manipulated you.
You are missing a
great chance. Alaeddin!
Use your mind!
I always...
use my mind and
wisdom. Sahinshah Bey!
I am not doing anything for the
chair. I do everything for our homeland!
You lost the right
way. Alaeddin.
This de ision will
make you regret!
I am not responding
to the things you said.
Because you have
the love of gaza in you.
But.. My patience
also has a limit
Know that.
I supported you for no reason!
From now on. you are all alone!
The tunnel is closed.
I don't know if Saroz
is dead or alive!
They ruined our most
important defense!
So Orhan was
playing a game and..
Gaining strength.
But he won't be able to
find a chance like this again.
That was the only way to Bursa!
You made a mistake by
letting Orhan speak. Temurtas!
For Orhan...
even death will
be a reward. Flavius.
Look. Temurtas.
Bursa won t fall.
And you will help me!
While Orhan is
dreaming of an attack...
we will do
such a thing that...
he won't even have the
chance to defend himself.
I assure you.
Don't do that again. brother
even if it was a game...
I felt different when we
raised our voices and had a fight.
Don't say that...
Everyone was saying
There is no Orhan now...
Look. there is no
tunnel in Bursa now.
You exploded Bursa's
life support. brother!
Welcome. my Bey.
Welcome. father.
Tell me...
Who are these
people greeting me?
Are these the sons I trusted and handed
over my Beylic. my army. and my seal to?
Or the sons who do not listen
to me and disobey my orders?
Why do you say that. father?
Our only goal is to make
conquests on your way.
And to conquer Bursa.
Bursa is now closer to us
than ever before. my Bey.
Where Bursa stands...
Is not the matter!
Where do you stand?
By my side or against me?!
Is there any explanation for your stubbornness
and rebellion against my order. Orhan?
What about you Alaeddin?
Is there an explanation for dismissing
the commander I appointed from his duty?
There is. my Bey.
I am responsible for that.
Your brother says that he s
responsible for that. Alaeddin.
Tell me. Did he force you
to be part of this game?
Never. father. We did everything
together with my brother.
I am responsible
as much as he is.
We did everything
for the future of Kayi...
for the safety of the road of
conquest you opened. my Bey.
We did everything as
you taught us. my Bey.
We did not give
up on the right way.
I taught you how to
walk on the right path.
Not how to stray from the path.
The enemies had united and had
been coming at us from all sides. my Bey.
If we started marching to Bursa.
they would kill everyone in our tribe...
Sogut and many other lands.
They would make our people suffer.
But we ruined their cooperation
as two brothers. my Bey.
That oppressor called Saroz is now
captivated behind the walls of Bursa. my Bey.
We destroyed the
game of the devil.
You decide if we made a mistake.
We are ready for the punishment.
Obviously. you
don't agree with us.
You are wrong. Orhan.
I totally agree with you.
I just wanted to
hear it from you.
A crooked sword rusts
in the sheath. sons.
You swung your swords
straight for the good of the state.
You never abandoned the path
which I thought was right and taught you.
You succeeded
together as united.
Oh father... Will
your tests ever end?
My own test hasn t
even ended. sons.
Our ghazis and martyrs should be sure that
they sacrificed their blood for a reason.
Bursa will be a
property of Kayi.
InshaAllah.
What are you waiting for then?
The dark steel shall have
the blood of the cruel now.
Raise your swords for Allah.
And lower them with the breath
of our Mighty Prophet (PBUH).
Go beyond those walls...
and capture Bursa.
I can feel it.
Bursa is closer than
even one step now.
Allahu akbar!
Allahu akbar! Allahu akbar!
What a tough test
this is. white-maned.
You have been my
companion for a long time.
You carry my
troubles. white-maned.
Tell me.
How hard is the test of having
the desire to own the throne...
which turns brothers against
each other and sons against fathers?
With Allah's help.
we found peace.
Are we making all these
efforts to sit on that throne?
If it is so. I don't want it.
May Allah take my life but not let me
disgrace myself for this mortal world.
May He keep me away
from the devil's traps.
Well. white-maned...
There are crazy foals
galloping in my blood.
Wait! Don't be so jealous!
They are just In my veins.
Taking me from one
dream to another.
I want this
suffering to end now.
This land shall be ours.
New realms shall meet our flag.
The azan of Mohammad
(PBUH) shall be heard there too.
I mean. white-maned...
There 1s a never dying
fire of conquest inside me.
Come here.
Come.
-Selamun Aleykum.
-Aleykum Selam.
You are?
We are one of those who say the
land vanishes. but the morals stay.
As long as the
blue sky doesn't fall.
as long as the sohd
ground doesn t collapse
who can break
your morals? We say.
We hide our presence in absence
and hide our absence in presence.
EyvAllah.
I'm pleased and honored.
But...
If you are so
secret and ancient.
I have a question.
Why is Turkistan
in this situation?
Why is the Islam
world in this situation?
You couldn't capture
the castle of Bursa.
You couldn't perform
an all-out attack.
When they ask you why.
you say you don't want
to destroy the city of Bursa.
Tell me.
Which one is harder? Rebuilding
Bursa or the grief of losing it?
What kind of leadership
is this. Osman Bey's son?
Deep inside me. I asked
myself this question.
I suffered for days and
nights with this question.
I watched the time.
And I thought..
Where is Genghis Khan who
owned the half of the world?
He demolished many castles. took
many lives. destroyed many cities.
He smashed the world
of Turks and Islam.
But now...
his ancestors became Muslims.
They got defeated
by their enemy.
In this era while
our state is smashed.
we should make a decision.
We will either have a state
to survive over centuries...
or become like our enemy
in the end like they did.
How is the conquest
of Bursa related to this?
Since the battle of Malazgirt. we have been
working to make these lands a homeland for us.
Crusaders and
Mongolians keep coming.
We never could go beyond Bursa.
Bursa is the last
castle for Byzantine.
For us. its a
bridge to carry us...
to Constantinople
and Rumelia.
After we choke and capture Bursa. we should
perform new attacks without wasting time.
Greek people should
take our side completely.
And this depends on how we
treat them during the conquest.
I don't want to leave a terrible story
for them to tell their grandchildren.
They should be the
children of our state too.
And all the other nations
seeing how we treat them...
shall take shelter
in our country.
How about the condition of
Turkmen Beys in Anatolia?
We scattered when the
Seljuk State collapsed.
Our nation are looking
for the new reat leader.
Turks are a
leader-centered nation.
Who will be the new leader?
Kayi. Germiyan.
Mentesogullari or Karaman?
It seems everyone wants
to take over the mission.
Time will show us.
But I'm ready to take over the mission
as Orhan Bey. son of Osman Bey.
The new state of Turks.
Islam and all the humans...
should be Osman Bey's state.
I would sacrifice my life
and blood for this cause.
History is made by
the brave. the devoted...
and those who take action.
I'm glad to hear that.
May Allah help you.
Now that you are ready.
we will give
you three secrets.
And one gift.
Will you keep the
secrets and the gift?
Whose secrets? Whose gift?
The secret and the gift given to
the heroes you see in your dreams.
Now...
Are you ready to
keep the secrets. son?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org